Update Eval.kt docs (#1378)
arrow-kt/arrow: modules/docs/arrow-docs/docs/docs/arrow/typeclasses/foldable/README.md

This method evaluates `lb` lazily, and returns a lazy value to support laziness in a stack-safe way avoiding StackOverflows.

> For more detailed information about how this method works see the documentation for [`Eval<A>`]({{ '/docs/apidocs/arrow-core-data/arrow.core/-eval/index.html' | relative_url }}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more detailed information about how this method works see the documentation for [`Eval<A>`]({{ '/docs/apidocs/arrow-core-data/arrow.core/-eval' | relative_url }}).
```
